good at side quests but bad at the main
quest
okay hello all basically as the title
says i'm good at completing the
necessary daily mundane chores and
actually don't mind doing them things
like the dishes cleaning outdoor work
taking care of small errands here and
there and i'm quite bad at moving
forward with the main quests of life
financial independence relationships a
plan for the future and i'm 25 and
living with my parents while unemployed
and feel quite a bit of shame about it i
have a university degree in classical
civilizations which i love but haven't
found a job using the skills i've
learned
i went to school because i was
passionate about the field but never
once took into consideration what was
going to happen after i graduated
i have many interests and i spend a lot
and i spend my days engaging in in these
hobbies but it has occurred to me lately
that i need to get going and on on a
life path or something
to my detriment now i tend to be very
good at idling spending a good chunk of
my day doing leisurely activities like
walking through the woods near my house
or reading at the park under the sun
not that these things are bad but i
probably spend too much time doing them
as opposed to doing things that are more
obviously productive as far as having a
goal to move towards
i apply for jobs almost every day but
these are mostly dead end jobs that have
nothing to do with the things that i'm
interested in i think it's time to stop
i stopped doing that i guess my issue is
that i'm not good at breaking down the
main quest in the smaller chunks because
it feels like it's never enough
maybe someone here could relate
someone's like yeah i want to be friends
with this guy absolutely
okay
so this is a fantastic post and my
answer is going to be kind of weird okay
so the first thing is that i think
you've discovered your main quest it's
just your main quest happens to be other
people's side quests
okay so this is what i'm hearing from
this person's life first of all there
isn't a whole lot wrong
it just doesn't fit
what people perceive to be like what
life is supposed to be
do you all get that
it's not like this person is like
suffering it's just like they're
interested in stuff they like have a
healthy work-life balance because they
have no work
and they're actually really good at
executing on small tasks and it doesn't
bother them to do that and they tend to
be like philosophical in thinking right
so i love this line in particular
it's uh
um
where is it oh yeah
i have many interests i spend my it
occurred it has occurred to me lately
that i need to get going on a life path
or something i love this sentence
because here's what i'm envisioning
here's this person who studies classical
civilizations in university who's going
for a walk in the woods and is kind of
like
perhaps i should start living life and
get a job
right so i think this is actually
awesome this is who you are okay so
you're contemplative
right like you're a thinker
you're like
like you like to take life slow and you
tend to be like detail-oriented
this sounds very okay so
dr k is going to go to pseudoscience
ayurveda astrology whatever for a second
sounds really guppa right like hard to
change
not really too ambitious
pretty detail-oriented can kind of get
things done
is like very like earth element okay
so i'd be curious whether this person is
physically kapha
but seems very mentally
guffa y'all get that like no ambition
but like nothing's wrong i'm just kind
of chilling just chilling so the first
thing is that so i i make two concrete
recommendations please god become a
personal assistant or executive
assistant please stop looking for dead
end jobs
so i don't know if you guys know this
but like good executive assistants can
get paid like six figure salaries like
i've i've known some executive
assistants that will get like 250 300k a
year
so it's a very very valuable like skill
grossly underestimated like in the
market
so becoming a personal assistant or
executive assistant you can make like
depending on you know where if you're
answering a facebook ad for someone who
wants to pay you like two dollars an
hour like that's gonna suck
but i don't know exactly how these
people become executive assistants i
don't know like how they got there
and i've even asked a couple of times
but it seems like there isn't like a
formal process to it it's sort of like
you're good at detail-oriented stuff
someone who has a pile of money
recognizes that they're bad at this crap
and you're good at this crap and they're
like hey can i pay you 50k a year to
make sure that
my registration sticker is updated in my
in my car so i don't get like
pulled over in my car impounded because
i have this crap to do
so if you're looking for a job i would
strongly strongly look for like
high-value personal assistance and
executive assistants and like help
people who have more money than you do
and don't have the time to do all the
little crap that
you are good at like just do it for them
and it'll be like a good exchange for
everyone involved
so i think you'd be very well suited to
that kind of job
so second thing is
recognize that like in your life what i
would envision for you i have no idea if
this is possible or not it's like you're
an executive assistant to someone making
like 80k a year okay so you take care of
crap during the day that they need to
take care of
but it's like
they're going to give you a list of
things and you're going to kind of take
care of it your leisure and the rest of
the time you're just going to be like
thinking right because you're going to
like go do things like pick up their dry
cleaning
and so you're going to like go pick up
their dry cleaning and on the drive
there you're going to be thinking about
classical civilizations like you do so
i'd encourage you to like carry a
notebook and start to like write or do
something because you've got something
in there that's philosophical and
contemplative and needs to come out in
some way
and so essentially you want to like pay
your bills being someone's like personal
assistant or executive assistant
and while you're doing that just let
your mind slowly like nurture and grow
whatever the kind of contemplative crap
you want to do is
but your skill set and your degree can
be completely independent okay
like even if you look at me like i'm a
twitch streamer
my degree is in medicine those are not i
don't this isn't even medical care like
what we're doing right now is not
medical care
my skill set my degree are different
and so a lot of what i see in our
community is people are so hung up
on
the traditional road of life that they
don't realize
that like your side quest is your main
quest
if you're just good at doing random
tasks for like
and it's easy for you and it's so hard
for our vata-esque adhd no one can get
their crap done on time
and you can do it for them like some
people will pay you
piles of money to do it
so that's what i think you should do for
a job i don't usually give advice but
i'd say for this person it's the first
thing that popped into my head and then
over time like continue to cultivate
whatever it is that you actually find
interesting and i'd say take that
interest and start creating with it and
what i mean by creating is like
literally produce something so like
start journaling
write things down
type up stuff in a word document just
capture your thoughts and put them out
into the world in some way they don't
have to be read by anyone i don't mean
like you can start a blog if you want to
but take all the things that you're
interested in this is probably the
biggest problem with our community is
that
they don't recognize that we're we are
all actually pretty smart
and that our thoughts have value but in
order for our thoughts to have value we
have to translate them into some medium
that can be helpful to another human
being
it's that translation into a separate
medium that our community really falls
apart at right you may have a great
taste in music but at some point you've
got to like make it
at some point like you may know a lot
about dota
but at some point like like it doesn't
have to you don't have to write a blog
like just start a youtube channel just
start creating we've had so many
creators that we've interviewed and we
asked them like how did you start and
they just like i just started and it was
small and insignificant for a while
right and then like 10 years later they
have like 8 million followers
so
anyway for this person you know my heart
goes out to you but i i think that like
don't adopt a main quest just because
other people are adopting it the whole
point of the main quest is that it's
like spawn specific right your main
quest is different from other people's
main quests and i think you've got
particular skills that are highly valued
you just have to figure out how to
market them which is it's it's a big ask
you can't just show off someone
somewhere and be like pay me 60k to be
your for a year you know like you
can't that people aren't going to take
that but
at the same time like these tasks can be
very very valuable like what you're good
at and what you excel at can be really
valuable to some people i just don't
know how you find them but i'd start
there so i look for like openings for
personal assistance and just keep on the
lookout because someone will pay a lot